Hager
Digital Marketing Manager M/f/d
Job summary
Permanent contract
Telford
A few days at home
Salary:
Not specified

Job description
In our marketig department, growth is collective: we move forward together, we learn together, and you’ll be a key driver. We are shaping tomorrow’s electrical world. You can too, Join us!

As a Digital Marketing Manager M/F/D you will report to the Country Marketing Manager in the Sales department based in Telford for a Permanent contract.

What you will do?

Optimise and personalise digital customer journeys, enhancing user experience across digital touchpoints, with a strong focus on post-purchase engagement and conversion.
Enable and manage e-commerce capabilities, including product configurators and an accurate e-catalogue, to drive engagement and commercial performance.
Lead the implementation of new digital functionalities and tools, ensuring alignment with the global core model and consistency across all digital platforms.
Own website and content management, ensuring user-friendly, up-to-date and SEO-optimised content, including landing pages and personalised experiences.
Drive SEO, analytics and performance monitoring, using data and KPIs to assess effectiveness and continuously improve digital performance.
Design and execute email marketing and customer engagement initiatives, while ensuring compliance with Quality, Health, Safety and Environmental standards.
What about you?
You hold a degree in Marketing, Communications, Business or a related field (or equivalent experience).
You have 5+ years of experience in digital marketing or related roles, with hands-on exposure to SEO, email marketing and digital analytics tools.
You demonstrate strong organisational and administrative skills, with the ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines in parallel.
You are an excellent communicator and copywriter, with a solid understanding of web content management and social media best practices.
You bring a customer-focused mindset, combining creativity, attention to detail and strong stakeholder management skills.
You work collaboratively across teams, supporting local commercial strategy, and are open to occasional national and limited international travel.
What we offer?
Personalized onboarding experience program designed to make your first days smooth
Opportunities to learn and grow through Hager Group’s awarded Hi University.
Internal career opportunities, over 25% of our recruitments are through internal mobility
What are the recruitment stages?
Once your CV has been selected, you will be contacted by a recruiter for an initial phone exchange.
You will be invited for a first interview with the hiring manager & the recruiter
A second Interview will be then organized with the N+2 & the HR manager
Our success relies on collective energy. Apply now and power up your future with us!

Does this position allow remote work?
Remote work is allowed for this position.

What type of contract is offered for this position?
Type of contract for this position: Permanent contract
